# Recognition-of-Phony-Reviews-In-E-Commerce-Platform
Development of several classification techniques employing real-time algorithms for spotting phony internet reviews. <br/>
Nowadays technologies are changing rapidly. Old technologies are continuously being replaced by new and sophisticated ones. These new technologies are enabling people to have their work done efficiently. Such an evolution of technology is the online marketplace. We can shop across millions of products in variety of categories and give reviews on that particular product or service using online websites. Customers check out reviews before purchasing some products or services. Hence, online reviews have become a great source of reputation for the companies. Also, they have large impact on advertisements and promotion of products and services. With the spread of online marketplace, phony online reviews are becoming great matter of concern. People can make false reviews for the promotion of their own products that can harm the actual customers physically and mentally. Also, competitive companies can try to damage each other’s reputation by providing phony negative reviews.<br/><br/>
There have been studies about many approaches for the detection of these phony online reviews. Most of the existing works completely focus on just the content and the characterisation of words in the reviews. Content based study focuses on what is written on the review that is the text of the review. Most of the proposed approaches are supervised classification models. A few existing systems are based on semi-supervised models. These semi-supervised methods are being introduced for the lack of reliable labelling of the reviews. But, even these are not made to work in real time.<br/><br/>
In our work, we develop several classification techniques employing real-time algorithms for spotting phony internet reviews. We have mainly focused on the information regarding the reviewer. Specifically, the user-id, his/her experience, total posts, percentages of negative and positive reviews given by them, size of the reviews, types of words used, location of the reviewer, time of posting and frequency of posting the reviews. The system will also be able to detect reviews on some particular product of the customers who have not even bought those products. Overall, the system will focus on the user behaviour in order to classify the reviews posted on our e-commerce platform in real time.<br/>
